---
title: "team"
path: "/team/"
number: "5"
lang: "en"
---
Audrey Contesse is an art historian and architect. Currently, she is freelance journalist, editor & curator in the field of architecture. She works as journalist for, among others, L’Architecture d’Aujourd’hui, A10, Werk, bauen + wohnen and published texts in several books. She was previously editor and editor in chief of A+ Architecture in Belgium (2006-2015) and editor of A+ Editions for the books *Belgian Architecture beyond Belgium* (2012), *Filip Dujardin. Fictions* (2014) and *Inventaires* (2014). In 2009, she curated the series of movies and lectures on the landscape and landscape architects in Belgium called *5/5* at Institut Supérieur d’Etude du Langage Plastique in Brussels. She is also one of the co-researchers of the project *Usus/Usures* by Rotor for the Belgian Pavilion of the Venice Architecture Biennale 2010.

Maxime Delvaux is a Belgian photographer specialized in architecture photography. In 2012, he collaborates to *Post City*, the project for the Luxembourg Pavilion for the Venise Architecture Biennale with Philippe Nathan, Yi-der Chou and Radim Louda. In 2013, he carries out the whole photography series of the *Inventaires#1* book for the Wallonia-Brussels' Architecture cell. In 2014 he worked with architects Sebastien Martinez Barrat, Bernard Dubois, Sarah Levy and Currator Judith Wielander on the project for the Belgian Pavilion at the Venice Architecture Biennale. He realized the whole photographic research for the exhibition. These 250 pictures were published in the book *Interiors. Notes and Figures*. That year his work about the power of propaganda in North Korea, DPRK 2012 was part of the Korean pavilion of the Biennale and also presented at the Charleroi museum of photography.

Born and raised in Brussels, Frédérique de Montblanc left the motherland at 18 to go on a long artistic journey which brought her first to Montreal where she completed her BFA in Theatre at Concordia University in 2004. She then flew to Los Angeles to further her practice in video art, performance and set design. She obtained her MFA from CalArts in 2007 then got dragged by a Texan cowboy to Houston where she worked on several projects as a director and set designer with the Dominic Walsh Theatre Company, Pascal Rambert and the Mercury Baroque Music Ensemble. Since she's been back in Europe, she created the sets and costumes of *I Would Prefer Not To* by Selma Alaoui for which she was nominated at 'le Prix de la Critique 2010-11' . Her set design work also includes *Les Buveuses de Cafe* by Compagnie Mossoux-Bonté, and more recently *The Two Character Play* by Tennessee Williams directed by Sarah Sire as well as *Mas-Sacre* choreographed by Maria-Clara Villa Lobos. Her film and installation work has been exhibited in various art centers and galleries in Los Angeles, Houston, Brussels and Paris. She just presented her first short film: *Malta Kano, TX* at the Brussels Short Film Festival on April 28th at Flagey.

Eurogroupe is a Brussels based graphic design office founded by Gregory Dapra and Laure Giletti in 2013. They design publications, websites and identities in collaboration with artists, architects, theorists and curators. They have worked with the Piet Zwart Institute (Rotterdam), Science Po (Paris), Spector books (Leipzig), Roma Publications (Amsterdam). In 2014 they made the catalogue and visual identity for the Belgian Pavilion at the Venice Architecture Biennale. Gregory Dapra and Laure Giletti gratuated from the Werkplaats Typografie (Arnhem), and respectively from the École de Recherche Graphique (Bruxelles) and the École Nationale Supérieure des Arts Décoratifs (Paris).

Christophe Rault is a sound artist, radio producer and musician. Co-founder of Arteradio.com in 2001, main producer until 2008. Now living in Belgium, he works on his own project (drama, features and creations) while working for many radio authors, in charge of the sound recording, editing and mixing. He also organize workshops and conferences about radio languages (BBC, WDR, RSR, acsr Brussels). Involved in the Atelier de Création Sonore Radiophonique de Bruxelles (acsr.be) he is programmer of Monophonic 2014 radio festival. Received several awards for his work (Prix Europa, Prix Scam France et Belgique, Prix festival Longeur d’Ondes).
